Update outdated WebGL instructions (#845)
facebookresearch/habitat-sim: README.md

## WebGL

1. Download the [test scenes](http://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/habitat/habitat-test-scenes.zip) and extract locally to habitat-sim creating habitat-sim/data.

> 1. Download and install [emscripten](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html) (version 2.0.6 is verified to work)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download and install [emscripten](https://emscripten.org/docs/getting_started/downloads.html) (you need at least version 1.38.42, newer versions such as 2.0.6 work too)
```

1.38.42 is still used on the CIs, no?

I personally did not yet verify that all of magnum works with 2.0+, so [again](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-sim/pull/843) I'm advising to not go too high unless we need to :) The changed text also looked like 1.38.42 doesn't work anymore, which isn't the case.
